CV & LinkedIn Checklist 

CV Checklist 
Personal details - Name, Email, Contact, LinkedIn, GitHub profile 
Summary - Overview of career 
Skills - 5 top skills with quantifiable examples where applicable
Work Experience - Detailed descriptions <Most recent downwards>
Achievements - Quantifiable achievements
Education - Most recent  upwards
References - Feel free to include or add a line “Available upon request”
Additional information - Hobbies, passions, volunteer work
Ensure the document has a good structure and flow. 

You can find a link here for the CV Guide, CV Template, Resume Template 


LinkedIn Checklist 
Professional profile photo 
Clear background photo, preferably related to your field of expertise
Detailed headline with your key skills
Specific and detailed summary/ bio
Featured Work - linked to company/ business pages 
Updated role responsibilities & achievements
Education linked to the respective institutions 
Licences & Certifications linked to the respective institutions 
Endorsements and recommendations
Optimize with your LinkedIn URL
Tailoring your Resume
Step 1: Identify your areas of focus for applications.
What types of opportunities will you be primarily applying for? 
What types of opportunities will you be primarily applying for? 
Try to narrow down your focus to 2-3 areas within Software Engineering, such as front-end development, or iOS engineering.



Step 2: Research job postings.
Find a variety of job postings (current or archived), including full-time jobs from multiple industries and company sizes. Once you have at least 5, combine the information you’ve found into 3 lists:
Job Posting 
Required Skills
Recommended Skills
Non-Technical Skills

























Step 3: List out your skills.
Color code your skills into these 3 categories:
Courses, certifications, and online classes
Class projects, hackathons, personal projects
Work experiences and internships
Step 4: Fill out a Venn Diagram to compare your skills including the overlap



Step 5: Fill out the Overlap of your Venn Diagram.
For anything listed in both the left and the right sides, list it in the middle.

Your Skills 
The Overlap 
The Job 











Step 6: Intentionally focus your resume
Your resume should be crafted to focus on the center of your Venn Diagram; the priority should be on showcasing the skills that are most relevant to your desired job.

Overlapping Skills 
Experience and skills you have
Data Analysis














